today I tell you how it's done we're going to
teach how to make a bed for your
pet a very simple bed that sure
your pet will like it as much as
squeak the dog of I tell you how it
make
I tell you how to make oysters
to make our pet bed
we only need two sweatshirts or divers or
T-shirts according to where you live is
preferable that one of them be more
chubby so that the bed has a good
filling the first thing we will do will be
put the end of one of the sleeves of
the thick t-shirt inside the other
until it comes out of the tip of it
sleeve
and
then we will repeat the same step with the
other
with the two sleeves tucked we extend the
stuffing t-shirt and we fold it by the
half
in this way
and we introduce it into the other one
full
If your polera has hood as
we just have to put it inside
neck below the bowling
filling
then we extend very well the
bottom of the remaining sweatshirt
outside the filling should be at the
chest height
we take the ends of the sleeves and
we introduce one into the other more or
less until the elbow
and we rotate the sleeves out of
this way
we give a little concave shape to the bed
and holding the sleeves with one hand
we take the edge of the sweatshirt and what
we introduce below the sleeves
thanks to the turn that we gave to
sleeves our bed will not disarm
finally we give it a little bit of shape
moving the filling so that it is
our taste and ready
if your pet likes to sleep
on your clothes is bed
will love and here today's video
but we are not going to go
without recommending that you visit and
subscribe to these three channels the uer
tony's tub is the first channel that
we recommend in the tony garden
you will find tutorials and tricks for
Grow your own garden from
get seeds to mount a
urban garden very easily
toni will teach you the secrets of
horticulture the world of isa is the
second channel that we recommend today in
this channel and you will be taught tricks of
beauty cooking recipes crafts
step by step and much more if you like the
you can not stop visiting it
useful corner is the third channel that you
we recommend today useful corner is full
of experiment tutorials
diy survival homemade weapons and
many more things a very channel
entertaining and full of curiosities and
Now we close we hope you
have liked the video and see you in the
next